Require minimum length for secret (#8720)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/releases/release27/migration27/Migration27.md

## Change in self-signed HTTPS certificate

It is now generated under `target/dev-mode/generated.keystore` instead of directly on the root folder.

## Application Secret is checked for minimum length

> The [[application secret|ApplicationSecret]] configuration `play.http.secret.key` is checked for a minimum length in production.  If the key is fifteen characters or fewer, a warning will be logged.  If the key is eight characters or fewer, then an error is thrown and the configuration is invalid.  You can resolve this error by setting the secret to at least 32 bytes of competely random input, such as `cat /dev/urandom | base64` or by the application secret generator, using `playGenerateSecret` or `playUpdateSecret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [[application secret|ApplicationSecret]] configuration `play.http.secret.key` is checked for a minimum length in production.  If the key is fifteen characters or fewer, a warning will be logged.  If the key is eight characters or fewer, then an error is thrown and the configuration is invalid.  You can resolve this error by setting the secret to at least 32 bytes of completely random input, such as `head -c 32 /dev/urandom | base64` or by the application secret generator, using `playGenerateSecret` or `playUpdateSecret`.
```

Reviewer: Suggested to use `head -c 32` instead of `cat`.

> The [[application secret|ApplicationSecret]] is used as the key for ensuring that a Play session cookie is valid, i.e. has been generated by the server as opposed to spoofed by an attacker.  However, the secret only specifies a string, and does not determine the amount of entropy in that string.  However, it is possible to put an upper bound on the amount of entropy in the secret simply by measuring how short it is: if the secret is eight characters long, that is at most 64 bits of entropy, which is insufficient by modern standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [[application secret|ApplicationSecret]] is used as the key for ensuring that a Play session cookie is valid, i.e. has been generated by the server as opposed to spoofed by an attacker.  However, the secret only specifies a string, and does not determine the amount of entropy in that string.  Anyhow, it is possible to put an upper bound on the amount of entropy in the secret simply by measuring how short it is: if the secret is eight characters long, that is at most 64 bits of entropy, which is insufficient by modern standards.
```

Reviewer: Just avoid two `However`s.
